work_log.md, before:




## WorkLog
- Path Utils (Done)


## Initial Design:
Base filesystem:
- Be able to create multiple filesystem -> Specify a name and ("maryam://") -> Decorator registration should make it easier
	- Like virtual env
- File Structure: AbstractBase for all File system objects: Dirs and FIles. This could be lazy load internet file
	- SymLinks
	- Use Iterator Protocol (will simply code later on. )
- Path Management (This will get messy - allocate time for testing)
	- Use SimplePath for python.
	- Handle Absolute and Relative Path
	- Handle ...: Will Require Child to know their parent
- Search:
	- TODO: 
	- Direct and recursive: 
- Print Whole Filesystem structure:
	- Not required but useful for testing.
	- Also add a test filesystem (preloaded  for testing)
* Command Line Parsing: 
	* TODO: Come up with a the format first. 
* Error Handling
	* TODO


AIs:
1.  Build a command line prompt: Input command and parses correctly.
	1. Help Command: 
2. Create a filesystem + Switch Filesystem: Decorator registration is working correctly.
3. Path: Helper functions to create paths , pwd, resolve paths
4. Make Directories + switch Paths: (Big)
	1. mkdir, ls , cd
	2. Handle pwd
5. Make Directories 2: Force create new (Ext but will make testing easier)
6. Delete Dir
7. Print Whole Disk (Ext but will make debugging easier)
8. Create File + Delete File.
9. Write to File + Implement cat


Extension:
10. Move Directories: 
	1. Check references
11. Copy :
	1. Implement copy protocol correctly. 
	2. Copy + Merge: Use id(object) to resolve merges
13. Symlink:
	1. Soft: Easy: New File type
	2. Hard: 
		1. Impl Option 1: Keep a table separately for all symlinks
		2. File Object manages its own symlinks. On Delete: It should notify HardSymlink:
			1. Some complexity here : Symlink can be deleted without deleting the original file. Communication must be bi-directional. 
			2. Should hard links be deleted if the file itself is deleted

Commit message:

Some comments and worklog updates

work_log.md, after:


## Key Design:
### Virtual Drives:

### Supported Paths




## WorkLog
05/31:
- Path Utils (Done)
- Some Basic Registration for virtual drives. 
- An env class for managing state. 
- A base class for all types of file objects.

## Initial Design:
Base filesystem:
- Be able to create multiple filesystem -> Specify a name and ("maryam://") -> Decorator registration should make it easier
	- Like virtual env
- File Structure: AbstractBase for all File system objects: Dirs and FIles. This could be lazy load internet file
	- SymLinks
	- Use Iterator Protocol (will simply code later on. )
- Path Management (This will get messy - allocate time for testing)
	- Use SimplePath for python.
	- Handle Absolute and Relative Path
	- Handle ...: Will Require Child to know their parent
- Search:
	- TODO: 
	- Direct and recursive: 
- Print Whole Filesystem structure:
	- Not required but useful for testing.
	- Also add a test filesystem (preloaded  for testing)
* Command Line Parsing: 
	* TODO: Come up with a the format first. 
* Error Handling
	* TODO


AIs:
1.  Build a command line prompt: Input command and parses correctly.
	1. Help Command: 
2. Create a filesystem + Switch Filesystem: Decorator registration is working correctly.
3. Path: Helper functions to create paths , pwd, resolve paths
4. Make Directories + switch Paths: (Big)
	1. mkdir, ls , cd
	2. Handle pwd
5. Make Directories 2: Force create new (Ext but will make testing easier)
6. Delete Dir
7. Print Whole Disk (Ext but will make debugging easier)
8. Create File + Delete File.
9. Write to File + Implement cat


Extension:
10. Move Directories: 
	1. Check references
11. Copy :
	1. Implement copy protocol correctly. 
	2. Copy + Merge: Use id(object) to resolve merges
13. Symlink:
	1. Soft: Easy: New File type
	2. Hard: 
		1. Impl Option 1: Keep a table separately for all symlinks
		2. File Object manages its own symlinks. On Delete: It should notify HardSymlink:
			1. Some complexity here : Symlink can be deleted without deleting the original file. Communication must be bi-directional. 
			2. Should hard links be deleted if the file itself is deleted
